README for Azure OpenAI with Custom Data Integration Script
Overview
This Python script integrates Azure OpenAI with Azure Cognitive Search to create a custom data-powered conversational system. The script allows users to query a search index, retrieve relevant data, and generate responses enriched by OpenAI's GPT model. It demonstrates how to connect Azure services to build intelligent and context-aware solutions.

Features
Custom Data Query: Integrates Azure Cognitive Search to retrieve data from a configured search index.
OpenAI Response Generation: Uses Azure OpenAI to generate natural language responses based on user queries and search results.
Dynamic Citations: (Optional) Displays citations from the search results to enhance response credibility.
Configurable Roles: Sets up the model to behave as a helpful travel agent or other roles depending on the system message.
Prerequisites
Python Version: Python 3.8 or higher.
Required Libraries:
Install the required libraries:
bash
Copy code
pip install openai python-dotenv
Azure Services:
Azure OpenAI Resource: Obtain the endpoint, key, and deployment name for GPT-3.5 or GPT-4.
Azure Cognitive Search: Configure a search index and obtain the endpoint, key, and index name.
Setup
Environment Configuration:

Create a .env file in the script's directory with the following content:
plaintext
Copy code
AZURE_OAI_ENDPOINT=https://your-resource-name.openai.azure.com
AZURE_OAI_KEY=your-openai-key
AZURE_OAI_DEPLOYMENT=your-deployment-name
AZURE_SEARCH_ENDPOINT=https://your-search-service-name.search.windows.net
AZURE_SEARCH_KEY=your-search-key
AZURE_SEARCH_INDEX=your-search-index
Replace the placeholders with actual values from your Azure resources.
Run the Script:

Save the code as custom_data_agent.py.
Execute the script using:
bash
Copy code
python custom_data_agent.py
How It Works
Dynamic Query:
The script prompts the user to enter a question (e.g., "What are the best places to visit in Paris?").
Data Retrieval:
Configures Azure Cognitive Search to retrieve data from the specified index.
Combines search results with the GPT model to provide enriched responses.
Response Generation:
Azure OpenAI generates responses based on the query, system prompt, and retrieved data.
Citations:
If enabled (show_citations = True), displays citations for the data used in generating the response.
Customization
System Role:
Modify the system message in the messages list to change the assistant's role (e.g., travel agent, tutor, etc.).
Search Index:
Update the .env file to point to a different Azure Cognitive Search index.
Response Parameters:
Adjust temperature and max_tokens in the client.chat.completions.create call to control creativity and response length.
Error Handling
Environment Variable Issues: Ensures all necessary variables are loaded from the .env file.
API Errors: Catches exceptions related to Azure OpenAI or Cognitive Search requests.
Invalid User Input: Handles empty or invalid queries gracefully.
Contribution
Enhancements to the script are welcome! Potential improvements include:

Adding support for multi-turn conversations.
Enabling real-time citation links in responses.
Expanding the assistant's capabilities with other Azure services (e.g., Translator, Form Recognizer).