README for Question Answering Solution Script
Overview
This script demonstrates the integration of Azure's Question Answering Service to create an interactive Question Answering (QA) solution. It queries a preconfigured QA project hosted on Azure, processes user-submitted questions, and returns relevant answers with confidence scores and source details.

Features
Azure Integration: Leverages Azure AI's Question Answering capabilities.
Interactive Q&A: Accepts user input dynamically and provides immediate responses.
Detailed Output: Returns answers along with confidence scores and source details for transparency.
Configurable Project: Supports custom QA projects and deployments.
Prerequisites
Python Version: Python 3.8 or higher.
Required Libraries:
Install the dependencies using:
bash
Copy code
pip install azure-ai-language-questionanswering python-dotenv
Azure Language Service:
Set up a Question Answering resource on Azure.
Configure a knowledge base and obtain the endpoint and key.
Setup
Environment Configuration:

Create a .env file in the same directory as the script with the following keys:
plaintext
Copy code
AI_SERVICE_ENDPOINT="your-azure-endpoint"
AI_SERVICE_KEY="your-azure-key"
QA_PROJECT_NAME="your-project-name"
QA_DEPLOYMENT_NAME="your-deployment-name"
Replace placeholders with actual values from your Azure resource.
Run the Script:

Save the code as qa_solution.py.
Execute it using:
bash
Copy code
python qa_solution.py
How to Use
Interactive Mode:
After launching, type a question when prompted.
The script will query the Azure QA service and return:
Answer: The most relevant response.
Confidence: A score indicating how confident the model is about the answer.
Source: The document or knowledge base from which the answer was derived.
Exit: Type quit to stop the script.
Error Handling
Configuration Errors: Ensures environment variables are loaded correctly.
Service Issues: Catches exceptions if the Azure service fails or credentials are incorrect.
Input Validation: Prevents crashes due to empty or invalid questions.
Customization
Update the .env file to connect to a different project or deployment.
Enhance the script to handle multiple languages or incorporate advanced response filtering.
Integrate the script into a web application or chatbot for broader usability.
Contribution
Contributions to improve the script are welcome! Ideas for enhancement include:

Adding multi-language support.
Integrating with other Azure Cognitive Services like Speech-to-Text for voice interaction.
Building a user-friendly interface for non-technical users.
